Just patch the main patch you want from the other folder and than patch any or all of these optional patches after the main patch.
Some of these optional patches will become a part of the main patches in the future.

*****CHOOSE ONE OF THE THESE********
*START Button starts Encounters (Cubear) encounters remain at their original rates but when u press the Start button and walk one step an
encoutner will trigger. This is great for grinding as instead of the game deciding when u would like yournext battle you can instead force a battle.

*No encounters (press START+Walk for Encounter)(Cubear) Exactly what it says, there will be no more random encounters in the game. However 
if you would like to force an encounter at any time just press Start and walk a step and an encounter will be forced. This puts you in complete control
of when you fight a battle outside boss fights and scripted encounters such as the 2 goblins you fight to start the game.
--------------------------------------------------------------
:::::::::Patch as many of these as you like:::::::
+1 LVL up spell change (xJ4cks) Time spell was useless and is already renamed to "LVL up" in main patch adding +7 levels to the character
its used on. This changes the spell to only LVL up +1 instead of +7.

2X ABP,XP,GIL (C_CLIFF)+Fixes by clymax v1.1 does what it says. Makes game easier as a result but it really just speeding up the 
inevitable. A great QOL feature now fixed.

BSNES 60hz fix (clymax) If you want to play on BSNES emulator this fixes the game speed to run at 60hz instead of 50hz.

I would only recommend Co-Op controlling sharing hack by STARWIN if you want to play with the hack, not for normal playthroughs.

L&R Button Leader Swap (Cubear) swaps the leader in maps. It may have an issue or two needs fixing so its optional for now. Super cool
hack.

No Auto Passages&Auto Find Pits (Nintenja) removes the auto passages and auto find pits skills so they are only available when earning 
the skills from job classes. If you don't use this patch the game will auto spoil where hidden passages and secret rooms are, you will also 
receive damage from environmental objects. If you are going to be mastering all the jobs anyways you will eventually have this by default.

Original Title Screen (Nintenja) for purists will restore the original FFV vanilla title screen with the dragon in the back and without the words 
Pixel Freemaster above the Final Fantasy V Logo.

*All jobs unlocked at Windshrine has All the jobs including Mime be unlocked after you receive the first set of crystals upon completion of the 
Windshrine. This is already included in the "FFV-Pixel Freemaster-Kick Butz Edition" main patch.

